Fastly header prefixing (#130)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/headers.md

## Header troubleshooting

### Fastly Prefixing

> API mesh prefixes any Fastly source headers with their source name. For example, a source named "commerce" with an `x-magento-cacheid` header is converted to `x-commerce-magento-cacheid`. However, if your endpoint URL contains "magento", API Mesh assumes you are connecting to an Adobe Commerce instance and does not prefix your headers with a source name. Using the previous example, your header would remain `x-magento-cacheid`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API mesh prefixes any Fastly source headers with their source name. For example, a source named "commerce" with an `x-magento-cache-id` header is converted to `x-commerce-magento-cache-id`. However, if your endpoint URL contains "magento", API Mesh assumes you are connecting to an Adobe Commerce instance and does not prefix your headers with a source name. Using the previous example, your header would remain `x-magento-cache-id`.
```
